Last Updated and Effective: 30th September, 2024

**Privacy Policy on SSS Open-Source Projects**

This privacy policy (**"Privacy Policy"**) describes our policies and
procedures about the collection, use, disclosure and sharing, or other
processing of your personal information when you participate in or use
our open-source software development project (each, a **"Project"**)
sites (e.g., github.com, collectively, the **"Sites"**).  This Privacy
Policy applies to activities by Sony Semiconductor Solutions Corporation
(collectively **"SSS"**, **"we"** or **"us"**).

For purposes of data protection legislation, we are the controller of
your personal information.

In this Privacy Policy, "personal information" includes references to
"personal data" as defined under applicable laws.

**Personal Information That SSS Collects**

We collect personal information directly from individuals through the
Sites. You do not have to provide us your personal information.
 However, if you choose not to disclose certain information, you will
not be able to participate in certain aspects of our Projects.

***Your Contributions to Open-Source Projects***.

*Attribution, Provenance and Integrity*. When you contribute source
code, documentation or other content to one of our Projects (whether on
your own behalf or through contributions made as part of your employment
services to your employer), we collect and store the information and
content that you contribute. This includes the contents of those
contributions, as well as information required to confirm the provenance
of intellectual property contained in those contributions, and personal
information that you make publicly available in the record of the
contribution pursuant to sign-offs under the Developer Certificate of
Origin (<https://developercertificate.org/>). Some Projects require
additional agreements or information pursuant to their intellectual
property policies; in such cases we collect and store information
related to your acceptance of those agreements. We may also collect
information relating to your participation in technical, governance or
other Project-related meetings.

*Other Project-related Content.* The content you provide in relation to
Projects also includes materials that you make publicly available in
connection with Project development, collaboration and communication,
such as on mailing lists, blogs, Project wiki pages and issue trackers,
and related services.

**Purposes and Legal Basis for Our Using of Your Personal Information**

**Purposes and Legitimate Interests**

SSS uses the personal information we collect for our legitimate business
interests, which include the following purposes:

-   *Operating our Open-Source Projects*. To enable communication
    between and among open source developers in the community; to
    facilitate and document Project governance and technical
    decision-making; to maintain, and make publicly available on a
    perpetual basis, records regarding intellectual property provenance
    and license compliance for Project contributions. See the
    "Attribution, Provenance and Integrity" section above for more
    information.

-   *Compliance*. To comply with legal obligations and requests. For
    example, to comply with laws that compel us to disclose information
    to public authorities, courts, law enforcement or regulators,
    maintain records for a certain period, or maintain records
    demonstrating enforcement and sublicensing of our trademarks and
    those of our Projects.

-   *Business and Legal Operations*. As part of our general business and
    legal operations (e.g., accounting, record keeping, and for other
    business administration purposes), and as necessary to establish,
    exercise and defend (actual and potential) legal claims.

-   *Prevent Misuse*. Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent
    or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
    situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person
    or violations of the relevant Terms or this Privacy Policy.

**Purposes and Legal Basis**

| **Purposes of Processing (see above)**  | **Legal Basis of Processing (EU Users)**    |
|-----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| Operating our Open Source Projects      | • Our Legitimate Business Interests <br>• Where Necessary to Enter into or Perform a Contract with You (upon your request, or as necessary to enable your participation in the Projects or to make the Services available) <br>• Compliance with Law <br>• As Necessary to Establish, Exercise and Defend Legal Claims  |
| Compliance                              | • Our Legitimate Business Interests <br>• Compliance with Law <br>• As Necessary to Establish, Exercise and Defend Legal Claims  |
| Business and Legal Operations           | • Our Legitimate Business Interests <br>• Compliance with Law <br>• As Necessary to Establish, Exercise and Defend Legal Claims  |
| Prevent Misuse                          | • Our Legitimate Business Interests <br>• Compliance with Law <br>• As Necessary to Establish, Exercise and Defend Legal Claims  |

**Sharing of Personal Information**

We disclose personal information as set forth below (excluding those
mentioned in the *"Publicly Available information"* section below), and
where individuals have otherwise consented:

-   *Publicly Available Information, including Your Contributions to
    Open-Source Projects.* User names, other user ids, email addresses
    and other attribution and affiliation information related to the
    information and contributions that a user posts in conjunction with
    or subject to an Open Source license are publicly available in the
    relevant Project source code repositories. Your contributions to
    Open-Source Projects, and certain of your other Content such as
    comments and messages posted to public forums, are available to
    other participants and users of our Projects and may be viewed
    publicly. In some cases you may be able to provide Project or
    contribution-related information directly to third-party sites and
    services; these third parties are independent data controllers and
    their use of your personal information is subject to their own
    policies. For the avoidance of doubt, the above information is not
    shared by us, but is made available to the public by yourself.

-   *Legally Required.* We may disclose your information if we are
    required to do so by law (including to law enforcement in the U.S.
    and other jurisdictions).

-   *Protection of Rights.* We may disclose information where we believe
    it necessary to respond to claims asserted against us or, comply
    with legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants), enforce or
    administer our agreements and terms, for fraud prevention, risk
    assessment, investigation, and protect the rights, property or
    safety of SSS, its Users, participants in its events or Projects, or
    others.

**Data Security**

We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions designed to
protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized
access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that
despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100%
security.

You hereby agree to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to
your passwords, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off
after using a shared computer, choosing robust passwords that nobody
else knows or can easily guess, not using a password for more than one
site or service, and keeping your log-ins and passwords private. We are
not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for
any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.  You
hereby agree to promptly notify us if you become aware that any
information provided by or submitted to our Sites or through our
Services is lost, stolen, or used without permission. at [Contact
Us](https://www.sony-semicon.com/en/contact/index.html).

**Retention of Your Personal Information**

We generally keep personal information only for as long as required to
fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. However, in some
circumstances, we may retain personal information for other periods of
time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with
legal, tax and accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a
legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having
authority to make the request, for so long as required.  In specific
circumstances, we may also retain your personal information for longer
periods of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, so that we
have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any
complaints or challenges.

**International Transfers**

If you are located within the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom
or Switzerland, you should note that your personal information will be
transferred to countries outside these jurisdictions, including the
United States. As of July 10, 2023, the U.S. is deemed by the European
Union to provide adequate data protection for EU residents under the
[EU-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework](https://commission.europa.eu/document/fa09cbad-dd7d-4684-ae60-be03fcb0fddf_en).
 Additionally, we have put in place European Commission approved
Standard Contractual Clauses to provide for adequate safeguards to
protect personal information transferred outside these jurisdictions,
including between SSS entities.  In addition, if personal information is
transferred to third party service providers located outside these
jurisdictions, we will take steps to ensure that your personal
information receives the same level of protection as if it remained
within these jurisdictions, including by entering into data transfer
agreements, using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual
Clauses or other safeguards as approved by the European Commission. You
have a right to obtain details of the mechanism under which your
personal information is transferred outside of the EU, and may do so by
contacting us at [Contact
Us](https://www.sony-semicon.com/en/contact/index.html).

**Children's Privacy**

Except as specifically indicated within a Site, we do not knowingly
collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the applicable
threshold age for children, or knowingly allow such persons to register.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a
child under the relevant age without parental consent, we take steps to
delete that information. Where we specifically indicate that we collect
personal information from children under such threshold age, we will
obtain the parent or guardian's consent and provide adequate notice.

**Links to Third Party Sites and Services**

The Sites may contain links to third party sites or online services.
Please refer to the privacy policies of the relevant third party
websites or services to find out more about how they process and handle
personal information.

**Your Rights**

***Data Subject Rights**.* Individuals in the European Economic Area and
other jurisdictions have certain data protection rights under applicable
law:

-   to obtain a copy of your personal information together with
    information about how and on what legal basis that personal
    information is processed;

-   to rectify inaccurate personal information (including to have
    incomplete personal information completed);

-   to erase your personal information (in limited circumstances, such
    as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
    which it was collected or processed);

-   to restrict processing of your personal information under certain
    circumstances;

-   to export certain personal information in machine-readable format to
    a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the
    basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you and
    the processing is carried out by automated means;

-   to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal
    information (where that processing is based on your consent, without
    affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its
    withdrawal);

-   to obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which
    your personal information is transferred to a third country or
    international organization; and

-   to object to our use and processing of your personal information
    that is conducted on the basis of our legitimate interest. You also
    have the right to object at any time to any processing of your
    personal information for direct marketing purposes, including
    profiling for marketing purposes.

***Lodging a Complaint**.* You also have the right to lodge a complaint
with your local supervisory authority for data protection, or privacy
regulator. A list of data protection supervisory authorities is
available [here](http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080).

***Submitting a Request**.* *To exercise the above rights or contact us
with questions or complaints regarding our treatment of your personal
information, contact us at: [Contact
Us](https://www.sony-semicon.com/en/contact/index.html). Please note
that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to
charge a fee where permitted by law, especially if your request is
manifestly unfounded or excessive. We will respond to your request
within the applicable timeframes set out by applicable law.

**Supplemental Jurisdictional Privacy Notices**

**Notice to California Residents**

This California Privacy Notice supplements our Privacy Policy sets forth
the disclosures and rights for California Consumers regarding their
personal information, as required by the CCPA. Terms (including defined
capitalized terms) used in this California Privacy Notice have the same
meanings given in the CCPA, unless otherwise defined.

<u>California Consumer Rights.</u> Subject to certain exceptions,
as a California consumer, you may have the following rights regarding
your CA Personal Information:

-   **Right to Know.** Request information regarding what Personal
    Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the
    right to request that we provide you with the categories and /or
    specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about
    you;

-   **Right to Delete.** Request deletion of the Personal Information we
    collect about you;

-   **Right to Correct.** Request correction of inaccurate Personal
    Information that we maintain about you;

-   **\"Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.\"** Request to
    opt-out of the "sale" of your Personal Information or the
    "sharing" of your Personal Information to a third party for
    cross-contextual behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted
    advertising). As we do not knowingly collect Personal Information
    of residents younger than the age of 16, we also do not knowingly
    sell or share their Personal Information for cross-contextual
    behavioral advertising.

-   **\"Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.\"** 
    A business must provide the Right to Limit the
    Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information only when
    Sensitive Personal Information is collected or processed for the
    purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer or does not
    fall under certain statutory exceptions. Our use of any Sensitive
    Personal Information falls within an exception, so we do not offer
    this right at this time.

**<u>Agents.</u>** If you are an authorized representative
submitting a request on a consumer's behalf, please complete the
applicable request per the instructions below. We will follow up to
request a signed, written permission signed by the individual who is the
subject of the request authorizing you to make the request on their
behalf. The written permission must state your full legal name, the full
legal name of the individual who is the subject of the request, and a
clear description of the permission granted. Alternatively, you may
submit a copy of a power of attorney under applicable state law. In
either case, please also indicate in your email the nature of your
request. The consumer's identity, in addition to your own, will need to
be independently verified in order for us to be able to fulfill your
request. We may also ask the consumer to directly confirm with us that
they provided you permission to submit the request. Please keep in mind
that if we do not receive adequate proof that you are authorized to act
on the consumer's behalf, we may deny the request.

**<u>Verifying Requests.</u>** In your request, you must provide
enough information to allow us to verify you are the person about whom
we collected Personal Information, or their authorized representative.
You must also describe your request with enough detail so that we can
understand, evaluate and respond to it. We will only use the information
you provide in a request to verify your identity.

When you exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to
Correct, we may ask that you provide us with additional information in
order to verify your identity and fulfill your request. If we are unable
to verify your identity, we will not be able to process the request.

**<u>Exercising Your Rights.</u>**

**<u>Right to Know; Right to Delete; Right to Correct</u>**

> If you are a California Consumer and would like to exercise your Right
> to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to Correct, please submit your
> request using [this
> link](https://www.sony-semicon.com/en/contact/index.html) or you may
> call us toll-free at 1-833-681-9900.

**<u>Do Not Sell or Share for Cross Context Behavioral Advertising</u>**

**<u>Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing</u>**

<u>We do not Sell or Share personal information for cross-contextual
behavioral advertising, so we do not offer this right at this
time.</u>

**<u>Data Retention.</u>** We generally keep personal information
only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was
collected. However, in some circumstances, we may retain personal
information for other periods of time, for instance where we are
required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting
requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal
authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the
request, for so long as required.  In specific circumstances, we may
also retain your personal information for longer periods of time
corresponding to a statute of limitation, so that we have an accurate
record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or
challenges.

**Data Reporting**

Click [<u>here</u>](https://electronics.sony.com/DSR-metrics) to
access our data reporting metrics for the previous calendar year.

**Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy
Rights**

California Consumers have the right to not receive discriminatory
treatment for exercising CCPA rights. We will not discriminate against
you for exercising your CCPA rights.

**Notice of Financial Incentive**

Under California regulations, if we offer certain loyalty or similar
program(s) directly or reasonably related to the collection, retention
or deletion of your Personal Information, such program may be considered
a "financial incentive". In such case, we will be required to make
additional disclosures to you, which we will provide when you agree to
participate.

**Personal Information We Collect & Purposes for Collection**

The Personal Information we collect about you will depend upon how you
interact with us. Accordingly, we may not collect all of the below
information about you. In addition to the below, we may collect and/or
use additional types of information and will do so after providing
notice to you and obtaining your consent to the extent such notice and
consent is required by applicable law.

We may have used Personal Information for the business or commercial
purposes described in Table 1:

| Categories of Personal Information Collected | Business or Commercial Purposes for Collection of Personal Information | Categories of Sources from Which Personal Information Was Collected | Categories of Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose Personal Information for a Business Purpose | Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Context Behavioral Advertising | 
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Identifiers<br>This category includes information such as name, phone number, mailing address, email, DOB, and online or device identifiers such as Device IDs and IP address. | We may use this type of information to: <br> Provide requested services; process transactions; respond to your inquiries; provide you updates on your account, your products and our websites, products and services; prevent fraud and for internal business, legal and compliance purposes | Websites and/ or data subject | Subsidiaries and affiliates off SSS and Legal Authorities (as required by law) | We do not sell or share this type of information for cross-context behavioral advertising |

**<u>Additional Notice to California Residents:</u>**

If you are a California resident, under the California "Shine the Light"
law, you have the right to receive: (a) information identifying any
third party companies to which we may have disclosed, within the past
year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for that
company\'s direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the
categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such
information, please email your request to
[<u>privacy\@am.sony.com</u>](mailto:privacy@am.sony.com), and
include your name, email address, mailing address or zip code, and a
reference to "Your California Privacy Rights." We are not responsible
for requests that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have
complete information.

**<u>Notice to Quebec (Canada) Residents</u>** This notice sets
forth disclosures and rights for consumers residing in Québec regarding
their personal information, as required by the Québec's Data Privacy Law
25.

**Location Tracking:** We may use technologies which collect information
about your general location, such as the country in which you are
located; however, we do not track your location without your consent.

**Consumer Rights:**

Subject to certain exceptions, you may have the following rights
regarding your personal information:

-   **<u>Right to Access and Request Information On Data Processing</u>** 
    Request information about our data
    processing activities, namely what personal information was
    collected from you and how we process it. You may ask us to
    clarify the categories of persons that have access to your
    personal information and the applicable retention period for that
    information.

-   **<u>Right to Rectify.</u>** Request rectification of
    inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.

-   **<u>Rights Regarding the Use of Automated Decision-making.</u>**
    You have the right to request that
    we tell you if we use your personal information to render a
    decision based exclusively on automated processing of such
    information and additional information about such processing.
    However, Sony does not use personal information to render any
    decisions based exclusively on an automated processing of such
    information.

-   **<u>Right to Withdraw Consent.</u>** Request to withdraw
    your consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal
    information at any time. If you withdraw your consent, we may not
    be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will
    advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your
    consent.

**Exercising your rights:** If you are a Quebec resident and wish to
exercise your right(s), please: submit your request here: [**<u>SOCAN
Privacy Request Webform</u>**](https://sony-privacyportal.my.onetrust.com/webform/ae4501a4-318f-4210-bddc-9a8bc984c5a6/0c8ea26c-76a5-4bcd-9ef5-3597f99e021a); or you may call us at: 1-888-494-7669.

For requests to access, in order to have us provide specific pieces of
information, we will require a signed declaration under penalty of
perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the
subject of the request.

Our Privacy Officer is in charge of the protection of personal
information.

**<u>Contact information for Sony of Canada Privacy Officer.</u>**

Sony of Canada ULC,

Attn: Privacy Officer, Law Department

2235 Sheppard Avenue East, Suite 800 Toronto, ON M2J 5B5

Telephone: 1-888-494-7669 (toll free within Canada)

Email: [**<u>privacy\@am.sony.com</u>**](mailto:privacy@am.sony.com)

You may submit a complaint to the Commision d'accès à l'information du
Québec (CAI) by visiting:
[**<u>https://www.cai.gouv.qc.ca/a-propos/nous-joindre/</u>**](https://www.cai.gouv.qc.ca/a-propos/nous-joindre/).

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy,
please contact us at: [Contact Us](https://www.sony-semicon.com/en/contact/index.html):

Sony Semiconductor Solutions Corporation, 4-14-1 Asahi-cho, Atsugi-shi,
Kanagawa, 243-0014 Japan.

For residents of the United States or Canada, please contact us at:
privacy\@am.sony.com

For residents of the EEA or Switzerland, please contact us at:
privacyoffice.SEU\@sony.com

Our representative in the EEA and Switzerland is Sony Europe BV, a Dutch
company, whose business address is Taurusavenue 16, 2132LS Hoofddorp,
the Netherlands.

For residents of the UK, please contact us at:
privacyoffice.SEU\@sony.com.

Our representative in the UK is Sony Europe BV, a Dutch company, whose
UK branch has its business address in The Privacy Office, The Heights,
Brooklands, Weybridge, Surrey KT13 0XW, The United Kingdom.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**

This Policy is current as of the effective date set forth above. If we
change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes
on this page and/or continue to provide access to a copy of the prior
version. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially
change how we treat your personal information, we will endeavor to
provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via
prominent notice on our Sites.
